SMaLL: Software from Machine Learning Libraries

Copyright 2023 by the SMaLL Contributors (see Contributors.txt for a full list
of Contributors; see CONTRIBUTING.md for more information on how you can
Contribute to this project). All Rights Reserved.

BSD (SEI)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Products derived from this software may not include “Carnegie Mellon
University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" in the name of such
derived product, nor shall “Carnegie Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or “Software
Engineering Institute" be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please
contact permission@sei.cmu.edu.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

Created in part with funding and support from the United States Government (see
Acknowledgments.txt file).

NO WARRANTY. THIS CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE
MATERIAL IS FURNISHED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY MAKES NO
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY,
EXCLUSIVITY, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE MATERIAL. CARNEGIE MELLON
UNIVERSITY DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO FREEDOM FROM
PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.

[DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A] This material has been approved for public release
and unlimited distribution.  Please see Copyright notice for non-US Government
use and distribution.

DM23-0126
